# Reproducible analytical pipeline repository template for international projects

## About 
This is a template for creating a simplified version of a reproducible analytical pipeline, specifically designed with international stakeholders in mind. It provides a structured approach to organising code, data, and documentation, ensuring that all components are easily understood.

## Usage 

## Repository Structure

```plaintext
README.md
data/
scripts/
│   ├── validation_modules.py      
│   └── processing_modules.py      
data_input_validation.qmd          
main_pipeline.qmd
readme_template.md
LICENSE
```
- `data/`: Contains input data files and outputs generated by the scripts.
- `scripts/`: Contains Python modules for data processing and validation.
    - `validation_modules.py`: Contains functions for validating data inputs, ensuring that they meet the required standards before processing.
    - `processing_modules.py`: Contains functions for processing data, including cleaning, transforming, and preparing it for analysis.
- `readme_template.md`: A readme template designed to be modified by the user to provide an overview of the project, its purpose, and main features.
- `data_input_validation.qmd`: This document serves as one of the master scripts of the pipeline. It is run before `main_pipeline.qmd` to ensure that all data inputs are validated before processing.
- `main_pipeline.qmd`: This document serves as the main script of the pipeline, where
- LICENSE: This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Prerequisites

### Setting up the new repository

### Modifying files to suit your project

### Installing Quarto
1. Go to https://quarto.org/docs/get-started/
2. Download the Windows installer and run it.
3. After installation, restart VS Code and your terminal.
4. You should then be able to run quarto commands from the terminal.

## License
A license is needed to clarify the terms under which your code can be used by others. Without a license, others may not have permission to use, modify, or share your code. The MIT License makes it clear that others can freely use your code, while limiting your liability and requiring attribution to the original authors.

**However, if your repository is private and you do not want anyone to use the code without 
strict permission, do not include a licence.**
